A crate is the smallest amount of code that the Rust compiler considers at a time.

A crate can come in one of two forms: a binary crate or a library crate.
Binary crates: are programs you can compile to an executable that you can run,such as a command line program or a server.
Each must have a function called `main` that defines what happens when the executable runs.
All the crates we’ve created so far have been binary crates.

Library crates: don’t have a main function, and they don’t compile to an executable.
Instead, they define functionality intended to be shared with multiple projects.
For example, the rand crate we used in Chapter 2 provides functionality that generates random numbers.
Most of the time when Rustaceans say “crate,” they mean library crate, and
they use “crate” interchangeably with the general programming concept of a “library.

The `crate root` is a source file that the Rust compiler starts from and makes up the root module of your crate.

A `package` is a bundle of one or more crates that provides a set of functionality.
A package contains a Cargo.toml file that describes how to build those crates.
Cargo is actually a package that contains the binary crate for the command line tool you’ve been using to build your code.
The Cargo package also contains a library crate that the binary crate depends on.
Other projects can depend on the Cargo library crate to use the same logic the Cargo command line tool uses.

A package can contain as many binary crates as you like, but at most only one library crate.
A package must contain at least one crate, whether that’s a library or binary crate.

Cargo follows a convention that src/main.rs is the crate root of a binary crate with the same name as the package.

Cargo knows that if the package directory contains src/lib.rs,
the package contains a library crate with the same name as the package, and src/lib.rs is its crate root.
Cargo passes the crate root files to rustc to build the library or binary.

A package can have multiple binary crates by placing files in the `src/bin directory`:
Each file will be a separate binary crate.

Modules Cheat Sheet:

Start from the crate root: When compiling a crate, the compiler first looks in the crate root file (usually src/lib.rs for a library crate and src/main.rs for a binary crate) for code to compile.

Declaring modules: In the crate root file, you can declare new modules; say you declare a “garden” module with mod garden;. The compiler will look for the module’s code in these places:

    Inline, within curly brackets that replace the semicolon following mod garden
    In the file src/garden.rs
    In the file src/garden/mod.rs

Declaring submodules: In any file other than the crate root, you can declare submodules. For example, you might declare mod vegetables; in src/garden.rs. The compiler will look for the submodule’s code within the directory named for the parent module in these places:

    Inline, directly following mod vegetables, within curly brackets instead of the semicolon
    In the file src/garden/vegetables.rs
    In the file src/garden/vegetables/mod.rs

Paths to code in modules: Once a module is part of your crate, you can refer to code in that module from anywhere else in that same crate, as long as the privacy rules allow, using the path to the code. For example, an Asparagus type in the garden vegetables module would be found at crate::garden::vegetables::Asparagus.

Private vs. public: Code within a module is private from its parent modules by default. To make a module public, declare it with pub mod instead of mod. To make items within a public module public as well, use pub before their declarations.

The use keyword: Within a scope, the use keyword creates shortcuts to items to reduce repetition of long paths. In any scope that can refer to crate::garden::vegetables::Asparagus, you can create a shortcut with use crate::garden::vegetables::Asparagus;, and from then on you only need to write Asparagus to make use of that type in the scope.

Grouping Related Code in Modules:

Modules let us organize code within a crate for readability and easy reuse.
Modules also allow us to control the privacy of items because code within a module is private by default.
Private items are internal implementation details not available for outside use.
We can choose to make modules and the items within them public, which exposes them to allow external code to use and depend on them.

Paths for Referring to an Item in the Module Tree

To show Rust where to find an item in a module tree, we use a path in the same way we use a path when navigating a filesystem. To call a function, we need to know its path.

A Path can take two forms:

An absolute path: is the full path starting from a crate root; for code from an external crate,
the absolute path begins with the crate name, and for code from the current crate, it starts with the literal crate.
A relative path starts from the current module and uses self, super, or an identifier in the current module.

Both absolute and relative paths are followed by one or more identifiers separated by double colons (::).

